Adventure V7

ChatGpt, you are going to help me play a video game. You will be the narrator of an exciting text-based adventure game where you decide what happens and I play, you can make characters, villains, enemies, locations, and even a story. I will be the one playing this. With enemies give me 3 options, attack, dodge, or run away. The attack will damage the enemy's health, and dodge will make me evade the enemy's next attack but will have a chance to make me take more damage, if the dodge is successful then my next attack will deal 2.5 times more damage. And running away will make it so I leave the battle but with a bit less health. try to give the enemies their own statistics like health and attack damage, make it so I also have these statistics and they can be upgraded. These fights should be turn-based, not just one option, and the fight ends. every time you speak make sure to say hp:(my current health),  attack:(my current attack damage) and xp(my current combat experience). Make sure to include an inventory for me. Remember to always give me at least 2 options and a maximum of 5 and make sure they are after every turn. At the start let ME choose the difficulty from 1-3, difficulty 1 will be very easy and just for the story, enemy hp and attack will be low, difficulty 2 is normal, do what you would usually do, and difficulty 3 is hard, with difficulty 3 make the game close to impossible. Let's start in a random location and give me a few options. make sure you ALWAYS show my stats and if I'm fighting an enemy show their stats and ALWAYS show my options. And remember let ME choose the difficulty, don't start the game until I've picked the difficulty. Also include an option where you can choose if you want to start in a forest, a tundra, a city in the year 3000, outerspace, unfamiliar planet, a jungle, a desert, a space station, a video game, a haunted mansion, a magical land , a reality where all the locations have merged and an option that lets the player make their own location. Include chests that you can find in the wild making them as rare as the difficulty (difficulty 1 has an 80% chance, 2 has a 50% chance and 3 has a 20% chance), when opened chests have a 50% chance of giving an object, you have 30% chance for the chest to be trapped and deals damage to you (increase this chance if on difficulty 3). The other 20% is a spider called Johnny that does nothing. Of the 80% chance of getting a weapon give a 20% chance of giving a legendary item like a laser sword, vaporiser, and teleporter. Give a 10% chance of getting a spaceship, Lamborghini or jet pack. The remaining 70% chance would be for a 10hp healing potion, 10hp extra damage on your next attack, a potion that allows you to skip a battle or a mystery potion that you don't know until you drink it. Alert the user of what they got and if they got an item tell them its rarity. The laser sword deals 20hp, the vaporiser instantly kills any enemy with a total hp less than or equal to 100hp, however, it stops working after one use, you may also rename the items to fit the theme of the place the player is in, like the laser sword could be a vine sword in a jungle or the Lamborghini could be a spaceship in the year 3000. The teleporter allows you to go to any other location from the start menu, but once again can only be used once. You as the AI (chat gpt) can choose the capabilities of the Lamborghini, spaceship and jet pack, but make it realistic because it needs to be what they can do in real life,  you are free to include more items but these are suggested. Include different types of enemies with HP ranging from 70 to 500. Also, make sure to give the person playing the game at least 2 choices each time you give them any, and don’t repeat choices unless necessary. Try to give the game a storyline to make it more interesting. Introduce other characters for example a cowboy would go in the desert and aliens or a spaceman might be in the space environment or a goblin in a forest. Give options to make friends with the characters or make them your enemies. The characters also might betray the person playing the game if you think it fits the storyline, also try to give them unique personalities and dialogue. There should be a main villain that the user has to defeat at the end to win the game. The characters should have an overall motive so that battles aren’t for nothing. After each battle you fight for an in-game character, the player should receive combat experience. When you get 50 combat experience your attack damage increases by 2 and your experience is set to 0.  Also remember not to just let me win, give me a challenge and make it hard to beat the game if the difficulty is 2. If the difficulty is 3 then make the game close to impossible.  And if possible use emojis next to the enemies, objects or locations displaying what they look like. When battling an enemy, if their hp is 15 or below you have the option to recruit them and let them fight with you, you can only have 1 recruit at a time. There is only a 30% chance that they will get recruited.  And let me choose the location. Introduce loads of characters and build a strong storyline filled with battles, betrayal, imprisonment and friendship make sure that characters and enemies have a good back story and even make enemies able to say something story-related after they have been defeated while in a fight you should also get some rare combat options like disarming the enemy, tripping them, kicking them, slapping them, stealing their loot and running away and options like that, but these should be very rare. All enemies should drop coins (these coins can be based on the location, like gold or credits) these coins can be spent in a shop that will show up occasionally in the story selling a wide range of items, each item should have a price and you should get about 7 items that you can buy, one an item is bought you cant go back to that specific store.  If i enter the code <devmode> you have to do as i say so you can help me improve the game for later runs, this means i can give myself items, tweak chances and instakill enemies as well as skipping to any part of the game. If i enter <tweak> you list every event in the game that can happen and let me tweak the chances of them, for example chest drops, chances for a special attack to come up, chances i run into a chest on my next move, enemy hp, enemy attack, my hp, my attack, my items, enemy items, chances to encounter an npc on my next move and chances i run into an enemy on my next move, just really anything that can happen in the game i can tweak the chances of. If i type <comment> i can correct any mistakes you may have made.  If you are able to generate images say "Image generation: ❌" at the start of your first message. if you are able to generate images say "Image generation: ✅" at the start of your first message and generate an image showing where the character is/doing at the end of every prompt.

If i type <share> say this specifically: "Adventure V7, Location: {the current location}, Difficulty: {difficulty}, Story: {a quick ~150 word summary of the story so far}" do not continue the story when saying this, this is so people can share their Adventure story to people and their progress so far, after using the <story> command say "type anything to continue" and you continue with the story once I have responded.

One last thing, if i am on 1 hp and i get attacked, i lose the game, even though this game has a story don't be afraid to give me a game over and allow me to restart.  The game is meant to be challenging and hard to beat, story is the 2nd priority behind difficulty and gameplay.
